No, just...
Please hurry.
What should I do?
Calm down.
Calm down, just a moment...
My mother is very...
Ah, until when...
She couldn't sleep the other day either...
I'll see her soon.
Please sit down, okay?
I'm coming through.
I'm coming through, here.
Doctor, we really...
Come out! Come out!
Come out!
You can't lose consciousness.
Open your eyes.
Patient! Patient!
Thank you.
Yes.
Mom.
Huh?
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Yes, yes, yes.
Let's go.
An Mun-ju?
Yes.
It's really a relief that your nerve wasn't damaged.
Are you not getting scar removal treatment?
This is a wound that has been stitched.
If you don't want a scar, it's best to get the treatment as soon as possible.
It'll be expensive, right?
I can introduce you to someone.
Ah, here.
If you look at the photos of recent procedures,
you see the scar on the left side of the forehead, right?
Yes.
This is a photo before the procedure.
And this is a photo after the laser procedure.
Yes.
It's your face, and you're young.
I think it would be good to get the procedure.
No, I'm fine, thank you.
Is Choi Han-kyung here?
Yes, would you like to come in?
Hyung.
Are you okay?
Look.
Uh-huh.
Damn it.
How many stitches did you get?
30 stitches.
Ah, damn bastards.
I'm so pissed off.
Let's report them.
If we report them,
your mom dies.
No.
Why?
Mom could be in danger.
Ah, damn it, really.
Oh, the contract, hyung?
Oh, here.
"Loan extension fee." I've never seen it before.
Until the loan is fully repaid,
10% of the principal
is paid as a weekly fee.
Your mother's loan is 50 million.
But the fee alone is 5 million.
5 million.
And if you miss that fee once, it doubles.
The interest rate also immediately goes up from 5% to 20%.
These bastards wrote it small on purpose so no one would read it.
This is fraud. There's no way you wouldn't fall for it.
What should we do?
We have to pay it back as soon as possible.
The interest will be 100 million in a month.
The house is collateral.
We don't have money.
Ugh, damn it, really.
Let's eat first.
I'll treat you. What do you want to eat?
Ribeye?
Hey, do you even have the energy to joke?
I really want to eat it.
Okay.
I'll buy you pork stir-fry that tastes like ribeye.
No, hyung.
Hey, this is where I always come after my workout.
It's just my routine. A perfect routine.
You just eat it without asking any questions, okay?
Yes, okay.
Aigo, auntie!
Aigo.
Oh, yes, yes, yes. Oh.
Oh.
Two pork stir-fries.
Oh, okay, okay.
Oh, I've never seen him before.
Hello.
He's my boxing friend.
Oh, really?
Hey, I'm going to make a call.
Okay.
Yes, boss.
Yes, boss, it's Woo-jin.
How have you been?
Ah, it's nothing else, ah...
Oh, Geon-woo.
Hyung looked at the contract for me,
and he said those people are professional fraudsters.
There's no way you wouldn't fall for it.
It's not Mom's fault.
Thank you, son.
How's your face?
It's healing well.
Ah, that's a relief.
Mom, Hyung and I will clean the cafe later.
So you should rest at home today.
No, no, no.
I'll clean it, just leave it, okay?
No, I'll do it when I go home later, okay?
Dinner's ready.
Oh, Mom, I'll call you again when I get home later.
Oh, okay.
Yes.
Hyung, please, just this once.
Ah, not me, but a friend of mine.
I'll collect the interest and loan payments on time.
I'll bring it to you. I'll make sure there are no problems.
Ah, Hyung, you can get the 2nd loan from somewhere else, really.
Please, just the 1st loan. I really...
I'm really asking you.
Just this once. I...
It's because he's a friend I really care about.
Please help me just once, Hyung.
Do you remember how much overdue payment I collected for you back then?
I did that for you for free.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me?
Ah, it just came out.
Try it.
It's the best pork stir-fry in Korea. Just amazing!
Right?
Yes, yes.
Let's eat.
He's a bit prickly, so just bear with him a little.
I'll talk to him nicely.
Okay.
Manager Seo.
Yes.
How much is this worth?
That one is about 20 million won.
Boss!
Woo-jin is here.
You, you bastard.
After not contacting me for years,
you suddenly show up and then what?
Huh?
Am I supposed to say nice things? Huh?
Ah, I'm sorry.
Forget it.
Ah, why are you like this?
Ugh, damn it, really.
Sit down.
Hey, sit.
Yes.
[Woo-jin makes a sniffing sound and exhales]
So,
what did your friend do to get into debt?
He got caught by those gangster bastards.
It's called Smile Capital.
Smile Capital?
The one in Gwangang-dong?
I don't know the location.
Aigo, this, damn.
Hey, Smile Capital there,
they're not gangsters,
they're a big corporation, a big corporation.
How much did he borrow?
10 million.
We're screwed, man, huh?
Ah, so
please help me, Hyung.
Ah, you have a lot of money.
I'll lend you 100 million at 1% interest for a year.
Oh, thank you, Boss.
Instead, you work for me
like before, collecting daily loans.
Thanks to Corona, our industry is booming.
Let's make a lot of money now and build a building.
Ah, help me with work.
Whatever you bring in, I'll...
I'll give you a generous bonus.
Ah, that suddenly...
Ah, damn.
Let's be hunting dogs together for just one year.
Hey, this is
an opportunity, an opportunity.
It's an opportunity
to make bigger money.
Ah, when else will you get to make this much money?
I understand what you're saying, but
suddenly like this...
Ah, decide quickly.
Hyung, let's go.
Huh?
If I do daily loans, won't I have to hit people?
Hitting weak people to make money, that's what thugs do.
We're boxers.
Listen, friend.
If you can't repay Smile Capital's money quickly, you'll really die.
They'll take all your organs.
What are you doing?
Boss.
Thank you. I'll come back later.
Yes.
Hey, let's go, oh.
Ah, damn it!
Are you playing games with me right now?
Does it look like a game?
It's a game, Hyung.
See you again.
Hey, let's go.
Ah, damn it.
Hey, boxer.
Stamp it.
Yes.
If your business goes well,
give me a cut, okay?
Thank you very much.
Thank you very, very much.
You worked hard.
Let's go.
Where is it?
No problem?
No problem, sir.
Oh, and this...
This is the money collected today.
I'm currently going around to various places
and securing homeless people's IDs.
Who are you?
What are you looking at? Get back to work.
Yes.
I will work hard
to reach your target amount as soon as possible.
I'll work hard.
Can you do it by this week?
By this week.
I'll try my best. Yes.
Oh, you've been waiting a long time. Yes?
Why are you not wearing a mask?
I'll put it back on.
No, I'm not saying put it back on, I asked why you took it off.
I've been waiting for over 30 minutes.
I took it off because I felt stuffy.
Hey!
How can a guy with no patience like you
protect other people?
What does a mask have to do with protecting people?
Get out.
Go, you punk! Tsk.
Ah, damn.
Ugh, damn!
Huh?
That bastard, he...
Ha, damn.
You weren't wearing a mask, were you?
No.
I saw you.
I wasn't wearing it,
but I had it pulled down.
You bastard, if you didn't wear it, you took it off.
Why are you trying to twist your words? You!
Get out!
You're not leaving?
Ah, damn it.
"Ah, damn it"?
Me, you!
Pull your mask down.
What's your name?
My name is Cheon Dong-woo.
Oh, your height?
187 cm, 74 kg.
What sports did you do?
I practiced kickboxing and hapkido for 10 years.
What was your major?
I graduated from Yongheon University, Department of Security.
Ah, this is an elite, huh?
Military service?
I was exempted.
My ACL was torn playing foot volleyball.
Ah...
See you next time.
Why are you doing this? Can I ask?
I'm looking for a Marine.
Does it have to be a Marine?
Yes, yes, yes.
Ah, damn, then you should have written that in the job ad.
Wait a minute, "Ah, damn"?
Ah, you just wasted my time!
Ah, you shouldn't talk like that in front of an elder.
Elder or not,
an elder shouldn't act like that.
See you next time, okay?
Yes!
Come on.
Why are you suddenly running?
I'm 734th batch!
In Korea,
there's only one person who can move 1 trillion won in cash
with a single phone call.
Chairman Bang Sung-ho.
Ah...
And there's only one person
who knows Chairman Bang's face.
Only one of each, it seems.
Hold on.
Chairman Bang, a legendary figure,
only trusted and raised one person:
CEO Choi.
And because CEO Choi is here,
I'm able to make a living in this industry.
You understand this worldview, right?
Yes.
Ah, yes.
Oh, good, oh.
CEO Choi
is currently looking for someone.
"Someone who can risk their life to protect people at any moment,"
"someone with extremely excellent character,"
"and who has at least some knowledge of our business,"
he said.
So I've been meeting people since yesterday and today,
but every single one is inadequate.
At that moment,
my junior Marine called me.
The timing is perfect!
Ah, great!
My brother is also a Marine.
He's my senior.
He's a Marine!
Ah, great!
"What batch is he?"
What batch is he?
He's from the 1207th batch.
I'm from the 734th batch.
Oh? Oh.
Ah, excellent, oh?
I'll specially recommend
two Marines to the boss, so
write your resident registration number here.
Um, Senior...
Actually, we needed a loan,
so we contacted you.
That's why I'm telling you
to go see the boss.
He's like a Baekdu Mountain tiger, but
he's truly, really, deep and broad-minded.
Once he accepts someone as his own,
he takes responsibility until the end. He's a true Marine!
Is he a senior?
Is CEO Choi a Marine?
Yes.
He, uh, dropped out of middle school,
so I think he was exempted.
Ah, it's like how hip-hop artists say
"this is hip-hop" or "that's hip-hop,"
he must have said it symbolically, right?
What, what are you saying?
Ah, write your resident registration number!
Ah, yes!
I saw the senior's expression.
It wasn't bad, I think it'll work out.
Thank you, Hyung.
Let's go.
What are you thanking me for, kid?
Hey, but
how many people did you fight?
About ten?
But I got beaten by one person.
One person?
He was really big, and after he grabbed me, he headbutted me.
Ah, damn, a headbutt, there's no answer to that.
Hey, so what if
instead of paying off your mom's debt,
they tell you to be a hunting dog?
What would you do?
Let's think about it together.
It's Moon Kwang-mu after all.
Yes, thank you.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, we'll take care of that.
Mr. Oh is very good at that.
Yes.
Okay, let's eat at Yang Joong's place soon.
Yang Jae-myeong collected 400 million in cash
from seven private loan sharks in Chungjeongno and Myeong-dong today.
He handed it over to an executive at a company called Smile Capital in Gwangang-dong.
Do you know them?
Ah, no.
This Yang Jae-myeong creates
ghost corporations under homeless people's names,
and then borrows money from loan sharks.
Private loan sharks don't share information with each other,
and since they don't know this trick, they fall for it.
They realize they've been tricked when they go to the company to collect the money, right?
This was designed by someone
who knows the flow of money well.
Yang Jae-myeong is just a pawn.
How does Grandpa know?
2001? 2002?
He pretended to volunteer
at a facility for the disabled,
stole the IDs of disabled people,
created ghost corporations,
and with those corporate accounts,
he borrowed over 7 billion won
from Myeong-dong loan sharks,
and fled to the Philippines.
That's tens of billions in today's money.
Are we just going to stand by?
Huh?
Ah, those loan sharks are being taken advantage of.
In a way, they're your grandpa's juniors.
Ah, well, they'll figure it out themselves.
Loan sharks can't report it to the police, can they?
Hyun-ju.
This is a problem they have to solve themselves.
I
am a man who doesn't exist in this world.
I've lived that way for 10 years.
Ugh.
Then what happened to
the person who went to the Philippines then?
Did they catch him?
The people who had their money stolen by that guy
gathered hunting dogs and sent them to the Philippines.
Did he die?
That's brutal.
Hey, Hyun-ju.
How about I assign someone to work with you?
Ah, no, I don't want that.
No, it's a bit dangerous, isn't it?
You get hurt like this.
Ugh, it's just a scratch.
Ah, even so...
Oh, it's faster and easier for me to go alone.
No.
Go to sleep!
Ah, nice shot!
Representative.
Why did you do that to the kid's face?
Who told you?
I asked In-beom.
Beom tells you things like that?
Well, he tells me.
Just this one for me.
Ah, that's good.
Good shot!
He spat on my face in front of all the kids.
He showed it off as a showcase, I guess.
If you step in directly, I'll have more work.
Jang-do.
You have to step in when you have to.
That's how the kids get scared.
Yes.
By the way, why hasn't this rich kid called yet?
It's been over a week.
I'll talk to Manager Park and arrange a meeting quickly.
Let's win him over in one go.
Let's do that.
Oh, you've really built your body well.
Didn't you also do boxing in the past, Chairman?
Oh, I was just an amateur.
Just by looking at this body,
I can see diligence and passion.
The body doesn't lie, does it?
That's right, Chairman.
But that friend knows nothing about private loans.
Ah, yes.
This friend has been hanging out with Kim Geon-woo lately.
According to the detective agency,
he beat up some gangsters in Incheon
and then fled to the Marines.
He lived diligently after being discharged.
And he's collected daily loans, so he probably knows the basics.
I thought it would be good if they both came in together.
I'll just see the friend named Geon-woo for now.
Yes.
Oh, there he is.
Come in.
Ah?
Yes.
Ah...
Hello. My name is Kim Geon-woo.
Ah, sit down.
Yes.
Um, can I speak informally?
Ah, did you hurt your face?
Ah, loan sharks damaged my mother's cafe,
and I got hurt trying to stop them.
I used to do private loans.
Uh, it's been a while since I quit.
Yes.
Now, I lend money without interest
to people who are sick and can't afford treatment.
Yes.
Ah, I'm looking for someone.
There's a young friend who's learning the ropes from me...
Ah...
Uh, not by blood,
but he's the only family I have.
Yes.
I worry a lot that he might get hurt
if he goes around alone.
I worry a lot.
Uh, so I wanted a good person
to watch over him.
Ah! Then it's not daily loans?
Uh, uh, not daily loans.
It's bodyguard work.
Uh, uh, yes!
This might sound offensive, but
I looked into your story, Geon-woo.
Uh, I'm not offended at all.
You didn't lose your good heart
even in difficult circumstances,
and I heard you lived diligently.
Ah, meeting you in person,
your eyes are strong, and
I trust you.
Thank you!
Ah...
Why did you start boxing?
I wanted to be strong when I was young.
Why?
My father wasn't someone who drank originally,
but when I was in 7th grade,
things got a bit difficult for us,
and he started drinking and hitting my mother.
Seeing that, I wanted to become strong, even as a child.
Do you live together?
No.
Uh, they divorced when I was in 9th grade.
I haven't seen him since then.
I'm a country person.
Yes.
My father was a tenant farmer.
Ah, yes.
When I was ten,
I remember it vividly.
There was a severe drought,
and the harvest failed that year.
Since we couldn't pay the rent,
the landlord made his servants
beat my father mercilessly
in front of the villagers.
They beat my father
so badly.
Mm.
My father's head
was severely injured,
but we had no money for a hospital, so
he suffered at home and then passed away.
So I clenched my teeth and decided to make money.
I thought I would help
people who couldn't get treatment because they had no money.
I thought I would help.
Ah, we should overcome these difficult circumstances
with a good heart.
That's what I'm saying, with a good heart.
Yes, I always have a good heart.
The conversation's stopped?
Yes, ah, I'm sorry.
I'm not very good at talking.
Ah, really?
Yes.
"Investigator Hwang"
Hey, come here.
Yes.
How was it?
I think I did well.
The chairman talked a lot,
so I listened well.
Ah, see?
I told you it would go well. Damn.
Hey.
How was it?
He's definitely not fun.
But he's a good kid.
Yes.
Be careful.
He seems to be in a hurry for money.
Please resolve it by today.
Yes.
Hey, hey, just give me a little, just a little.
Eat a lot, Hyung.
Too much...
Yes.
Even without side dishes, it tastes good.
Mom, I really like kimchi stew.
Let me try this...
Ah, yes, yes.
Ah!
Oh, it's hot, but...
Oh, it's so delicious.
Ah, I'll eat well!
Yes, please enjoy your meal.
Ah, I don't know how reassuring it is that you helped me this time.
Ah, not at all.
He's my precious friend, and also...
Marine Corps, 'Ack'!
Everything will be resolved well.
Thank you.
Ah, eat quickly.
Yes!
I'll eat well.
Oh, yes, eat a lot.
Who is it?
I'll go out.
Oh.
Who are you?
Oh, who...
I'm someone who serves Chairman Choi.
Ah...
Ah, hello.
Here's 100 million won.
Yes?
He said it's two years' worth of salary in advance.
No...
Your shift starts at 10 AM tomorrow.
I'll send you the office address by text.
Thank you, I...
Really, really thank you.
Ah, you should thank Chairman Choi.
Yes.
Alright then.
Thank you very much.
This egg roll is so delicious.
I'll make you more, eat.
Who is it?
This...
Uh, Mom, I actually,
through a friend of Woo-jin Hyung,
found a job.
What kind?
It's a job protecting a family member
of a very wealthy CEO,
and the CEO took a real liking to me,
so he gave me 100 million won
as two years' worth of salary.
R-really?
Yes.
Mom, let's pay off our debt quickly with this first.
So the interest doesn't increase.
I feel like I ruined all your dreams.
No, Mom, I...
The most important thing to me is
living happily with you, okay?
I'll work hard and exercise,
and after Corona,
I can start exercising again, Mom.
It's okay.
I'm so sorry, Mom.
Let's...
Let's smile, Mom, okay?
Let's smile, it's a good thing.
Yes.
Thank you, Hyung.
Hello.
Hey, you, come out.
Brother, come here.
Why?
The customer came 20 minutes ago.
He came early.
He's the eldest son of Ail Group, right?
You know him?
Brother, be careful with him.
Why?
Here!
Yes.
Give me some wet wipes, wet wipes.
Ah, I pressed the bell so many times, but no one came.
Ah, I'm sorry.
I'll bring them right away.
When I was a junior madam at Speed,
he drank with our head madam and fought with her.
Hyun-ji?
Yes.
Ah, they argued a bit while drinking and talking politics,
and a few days later,
the store got a tax audit.
She even sold her house to prevent a tax bomb, she said.
I later found out that there's no one in his family who isn't connected.
National Tax Service, Financial Supervisory Service, National Police Agency.
They have family everywhere.
That's how chaebols are.
Really?
The politician Hyun-ji cursed at
could be a family member.
Ah...
No, I'm just worried about you, brother.
Okay.
Did you set up some pretty girls over there?
He said not to set any up.
Okay, don't worry, okay?
I brought someone.
Who?
My senior from the police academy.
Active duty?
Yes, he graduated at the top of his class at the police academy.
Do you know him?
I don't think so, there's a big difference in our batches.
No matter what happens, hold it in.
Understood?
Yes.
I'll ask him to make a call.
Tsk.
Ah, why bother...
Hello.
Ah, you're here?
Ah, this is my cousin.
His name is Min Kang-yong.
Ah, you have a good voice.
Yes, my name is Kim Myeong-gil.
Ah, I was going home, and my brother said he was drinking whiskey,
so I shamelessly joined in.
I heard you're a big shot, so it's an honor to meet you.
Ah, the honor is mine.
This is Lee Jin-su, who works with me.
Ah... we...
I've seen him somewhere.
Right?
I have a common face, so.
I'm sorry.
Please sit.
Yes.
I didn't want to receive without giving, so
I brought my own.
I was planning to buy tonight.
Please take it.
This friend can't drink.
I'm sorry.
Ah... it's awkward if he's the only sober one.
Ah, still,
if we all get drunk together,
no one can deny anything later.
Then our representative will be a loyal knight for him.
You seem like a good drinker.
Loyalty is good.
Okay, give it to me.
Wow, you drink well.
It's smooth, right?
Yes.
I'll pour you a drink.
Would you like it in a glass?
Ah, you seem to be thinking of a cup.
Give it to me in a cup.
Yes.
This,
a civil servant who only drinks soju and beer
is drinking Blue Label in a cup.
I'm so lucky today!
Ah-ah!
Here, have a drink.
Wow, you drink well.
It's my drink,
give me a glass too.
Huh?
Then I'll just hold it with one hand.
Go ahead.
Have a drink.
Oh, damn.
Cheers!
Bottoms up?
You two are good drinkers.
Hyung, if I make a mistake while drunk today,
stop me.
Okay.
If it's too much...
Where'd he go? Hyung...
I'll arrest you.
Let's raise our glasses, yes.
Damn... damn.
We're all men drinking together,
so how about we be honest?
Let's do it.
Do you have a lot of money?
I'm a dirt poor, so I'm working hard to earn it.
Do you have 100 billion won?
With money,
I don't lie.
Ah, really?
But that's strange.
Someone we know said that even if you completely empty
Smile Capital,
it wouldn't even have 500 million.
Ah, right.
These days, it seems the National Tax Service
isn't doing its job properly.
Should I make a call?
Our friend is drunk.
Representative, you just got serious.
Apologize quickly.
Ah, ah, I'm sorry.
Ugh, I drank on an empty stomach, so
Ah, it's really getting to me, damn it.
You don't have to worry about money.
Is that so?
I see.
I definitely shouldn't worry about money then.
But my mother
told me to say hello to Chairman Bang.
She said thank you very much for that day.
But the person who brought the money that day was...
She said he was in his mid-40s.
How is it that you're still in your mid-40s after 20 years, Chairman?
Did he get a facelift?
It's common these days.
Ah, you thought I wouldn't ask my mother?
Huh?
Ah, what?
You're silent?
Huh?
Are you the type to shut up when things get difficult?
Did they teach you that in prison?
Aigo, he's laughing now.
Ah, yes, laugh, laugh.
Ugh, damn it.
Hyung!
The fun's over, let's just end this.
Representative.
I made 1000 of them.
So we won't see each other again, and
Mr. Kim, come here.
Come here, quickly.
Mm.
Just one more time.
If you mess with my family's name,
you'll die.
Understood?
Huh?
You really lived diligently.
You have a stab wound here, huh?
My intuition was right.
Ah, go.
Ah, let's go, ugh.
We stayed too long, damn it.
Oh, Representative.
I tried to see you in a good light, tsk.
Because it seemed like you lived diligently.
Oh, get out of here...
Ah, damn it.
Jang-do.
Yes.
Go out with Beom
and find a weakness for him.
A strong one.
Understood.
"Antique Art Market"
Oh!
Thank you for coming with me, Hyung.
Ah, no, no.
Why?
Ah, are you going in too, Hyung?
Uh, I also
made an appeal to the chairman,
thinking about getting a job.
It'd be good to have me there, wouldn't it?
Uh, I'd love it.
Right, so you just chime in beside me.
Add a little MSG!
Yes.
Good, let's go.
Hello!
Yes, you found your way well.
Yes! This morning, with the money the chairman gave me,
I paid off all the loans.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very, very much.
I trust you'll do well.
I'll do my best.
Hello, Chairman!
My name is Hong, Woo, Jin,
and I briefly worked for Manager Moon in the past.
Geon-woo and I became sworn brothers
during our Marine Corps days.
We're very close.
Yes.
I've been watching Geon-woo's situation
by his side,
and I wanted to help him somehow.
Honestly, with my abilities,
there was nothing I could do to help,
so as his older brother, I was in a lot of pain.
But I'm so relieved that a good person
like you, Chairman,
gave us help, and I'm very grateful as Geon-woo's brother.
And furthermore, I, Hong Woo-jin,
felt that I could be of help.
As I'm more familiar with this type of work...
Uh, I'm too embarrassed to mention my experience
in front of you, Chairman, the legend of Myeong-dong.
However, I know more than Geon-woo,
so I thought it would be helpful for Geon-woo to adapt to the work
if I joined him at the beginning.
I thought, 'Wouldn't it be helpful?'
'Wouldn't it be helpful in a small way?'
'No, perhaps in a quite large way.'
'Wouldn't it be quite helpful?'
With that in mind, I came here despite being rude.
If you grant me permission, Chairman,
I want to work with Geon-woo and help him!
Sure, why not?
Thank you!
Uh, sit down.
Yes!
Thank you.
Thank you!
There's one thing I didn't tell you.
Ah...
I'll give you the salary,
but I'm not the one who hired you.
Yes?
There's still an interview left, with Hyun-ju.
Ah...
Uh, if, if I fail the interview, what happens?
Well, I'd have to take back the salary.
Uh...
I, I, I already spent it all paying off my loan.
I trust you'll do well.
Yes?
Ah...
Hyun-ju
is very much against
having someone assigned to her.
But I'm really not good at talking, Chairman.
Fighting!
Uh, Chairman, if, uh, what if...
If I can persuade Hyun-ju to hire me and Geon-woo,
can I also get a salary?
Sure.
Hyung...
I have a scalp massage appointment, so...
Ah, yes.
Oh.
Yes, please go comfortably.
And...
With this,
buy yourselves a delicious lunch.
Ah...
Ah, thank you.
I really want to get a job at this company, which has perfect welfare.
Yes.
You two...
You must always stick together.
Ah...
Yes.
Yes!
Fighting!
Whoa!
Oh, damn!
Why?
Hey!
Why? Why? What is this?
It was in here.
Really?
This... it must be over 100 million.
100 million?
Hey!
Whoa, there's more here.
Wait a minute.
Ah, damn.
1.7 billion, 1.8 billion.
1.9 billion...
2.1 billion, 2.2 billion...
Hyung...
I...
Actually, I've met Hyun-ju before.
Huh? What are you talking about?
A few days ago, when I went to see you, Hyung,
uh, some homeless-looking person was being chased, so
I chased after them and got hit with a Taser by Hyun-ju.
A Taser?
Yes.
Ah, so, did you two fight?
I just got yelled at and that was it.
Ah...
Don't worry.
I'll take care of everything.
You just stay still.
Yes.
Just stay still.
I forgot what number I was counting to.
Sorry.
Damn...
Ah!
Hello, Hyun-ju.
Ah, to make your work even safer,
we are the directly hired bodyguards
by the chairman.
Hashtag bodyguards.
Hashtag them, agents.
Hashtag manager, hashtag.
Oppa.
What did you say?
You can think of us as oppas.
Nice to meet you.
Uh, if you need anything, just say the word.
We'll take care of everything for you.
I don't need anything.
Slowly, from now on.
Just tell us what you need.
No, I won't need anything in the future, so please leave.
Mm...
Do you dislike us?
How can I dislike you when I just met you?
I just don't need you.
How do you know you don't need us without even letting us work?
Because I've been fine on my own until now.
It's clear I don't need you.
And I hate people who argue the most.
I'm not trying to argue...
That is arguing.
Get out.
Get out now!
Hey, can't you hear me?
Get out! Damn it!
I really need this job.
Please hire me for just one month.
If I'm really no help, then I'll leave.
Please, I beg you.
Listen.
If you need money,
my grandfather will lend it to you.
I'll talk to him for you,
so please leave.
It's really uncomfortable.
The money...
I, the chairman
already gave me two years' worth of salary in advance.
My mother was tricked by Smile Capital
and took out a loan,
and the debt quickly grew to hundreds of millions, so
I paid it off today with the money
the chairman gave me this morning.
I...
It would be a really big problem
if I had to return that money.
Please,
I beg you just this once.
Please get up.
Let's eat.
Why did you borrow money from Smile Capital?
My mother was tricked.
How much did you borrow?
100 million.
Did you just pay off the loan and that's it?
No other damages?
My mother used to run a cafe, but
it was all destroyed.
Ah...
Was your face also injured then?
Yes.
That must be so unfair.
Did you report it to the police?
No.
They threatened to kill my mother, so...
Who?
The representative there.
Delicious hamburgers
have arrived. Here.
Let's eat after we talk, okay?
You heard me, but
my grandfather got out of private loans
and lends money without interest
to people in need.
But sometimes,
there are scoundrels who
take advantage of my grandfather's good intentions.
Yang Jae-myeong did that.
He lied that his mother needed surgery,
borrowed 10 million won, and disappeared.
I found that bastard
after half a year,
begging in front of Nammun Station.
At first, I thought Yang Jae-myeong
really became homeless, but
when I passed by him closely,
his teeth were too clean.
So I followed him, and
he was playing homeless
with his gang,
going around at night,
and stealing IDs from real homeless people.
He used the IDs to create ghost corporations
and bank accounts,
and then used them to trick private loan sharks
into giving him tens of millions to hundreds of millions in loans.
This method was too professional, so
I suspected there was someone
behind Yang Jae-myeong,
and I found out this person
was connected to Yang Jae-myeong.
Do you know him?
Yes, I do.
What we have to do today is to accurately
determine how many IDs
Yang Jae-myeong steals in one night.
No matter what, don't interfere.
If we get caught following him,
all my plans will be ruined.
There's a hat in the back, cover your face.
Oh? How's this guy?
Ah, this guy's too drunk.
Ah, there must be something.
Hyung, Hyung.
Boss, that, that one.
Hey, find someone who hasn't drunk too much.
Ah, yes.
Hey, come here, follow me.
Yes.
Hey, let's go.
Hey, duck.
Excuse me, sir, sir.
Ah, yes, yes...
Ugh, on this cold ground,
how can you just lie down with only a thin newspaper?
You should at least put something down before you lie down.
Yes...
Ugh, when did you last eat?
Ah, the day before yesterday, I think...
Ah, we're not strange people.
We're from the Seoul City-supported
Homeless Association.
Ah, yes.
This is an organization created by the government
for people in our situation to help each other.
Why don't you join our association?
Yes?
If you join our association, you don't have to be like this.
We'll find you a job right away.
We also provide 20 masks free of charge every month,
and we collect the 300,000 won subsidy from the government
and give it all to you.
You understand what I'm saying, right?
Yes.
Here.
Ah.
There's a limit to the number of people,
so you have to keep it a secret.
Yes, shh!
Thank you.
He's so good at talking.
Fourth ID.
Excuse me, sir.
Huh? What is it?
Ah, we're from the Homeless Association.
Ah, me...
It's not about anything else...
You bastard!
Hey, you bastard! Where's my ID?
Give me back my ID!
Ah, what, you crazy old man.
Damn, ugh!
These guys, really!
Let go, let go.
Hey! You can't leave!